app/ 	
Contains the controllers, models, views, helpers, mailers, 
jobs, and assets for your application. You'll focus mostly 
on this folder for the remainder of this guide.

bin/ 
Contains the rails script that starts your app and can
contain other scripts you use to set up, update, deploy,
or run your application.

config/
Contains configuration for your application's routes, database,
and more. This is covered in more detail in Configuring
Rails Applications.

config.ru
Rack configuration for Rack-based servers used to start
the application.

db/
Contains your current database schema,
as well as the database migrations.

Dockerfile 	
Configuration file for Docker.

Gemfile
Gemfile.lock 	
These files allow you to specify what gem dependencies
are needed for your Rails application. These files are used
by the Bundler gem.

lib/
Extended modules for your application.

log/
Application log files.

public/
Contains static files and compiled assets.
When your app is running, this directory will
be exposed as-is

Rakefile
This file locates and loads tasks that can be run
from the command line. The task definitions are defined
throughout the components of Rails. Rather than changing
Rakefile, you should add your own tasks by adding files to
the lib/tasks directory of your application.

Rakefile
This file locates and loads tasks that can be run from
the command line. The task definitions are defined throughout
the components of Rails. Rather than changing Rakefile,
you should add your own tasks by adding files to 
the lib/tasks directory of your application.

.rubocop.yml 
This file contains the configuration for RuboCop.

3.4. Model-View-Controller Basics

Rails code is organized using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture. With MVC, we have three main concepts where the majority of our code lives:

Model - Manages the data in your application. Typically, your database tables.
View - Handles rendering responses in different formats like HTML, JSON, XML, etc.
Controller - Handles user interactions and the logic for each request.
